# Assignment 11

I listened in on the Chaoss weekly call on Tuesday, April 7.

**Podcast reflection**

I really enjoyed listening to the podcast. Initially, it was hard for me to visualize who exactly would be using Chaoss and for what purpose. The podcast was very good because as each of them told their stories on how they got involved with Chaoss, they demonstrated a tangible need in their field for its services. For example, Dawn talked about how while she worked at VMWare she struggled to find a tangible way to report the health and viability of different open source projects. She found that by using Chaoss, she was able to easily provide tangible metrics to her company. She was even able to customize the dashboard and metrics in order to fit the specific needs that VMWare was interested in. She gave a very good example of somoene in the industry finding great use for the service. Another (notably sadder) example came later in the podcast. One of the people talked about how they believed that their project was going very well and had a great community built around it, however it had been been deemed nonviable, and shut down. He struggled with finding what exactly had let them to that decision, and became interested in finding the metrics that can be used to determine the health of projects. Beyond showing how people in industry could use Chaoss, it was also really interesting realizing that most of the people working on Chaoss are doing it because they personally had a need for its services. It's not just a fun project for them, it's an important tool that they use in their jobs. Overall, the podcast gave me a good look at the people who use and develop open source projects and was a very interesting look at the inner workings of open source.
